Add more detail and workaround to 1.7.0 known issue (#4770)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-1.7.0.asciidoc

error: SchemaError(co.elastic.k8s.elasticsearch.v1.Elasticsearch.spec.nodeSets.volumeClaimTemplates): array should have exactly one sub-item
----

> This is due to a validation issue in `kubectl` that has been addressed in Kubernetes as of versions 1.18.12, 1.19.5 and 1.20. To work around this issue patch the Elasticsearch CRD as follows:

Reviewer: I'm wondering how we could make it cleat that the fix is not in the client, but in the Kubernetes API server:

```suggestion
This is due to a validation issue in `kubectl` that has been addressed in the Kubernetes API server as of versions 1.18.13, 1.19.5 and 1.20. To work around this issue patch the Elasticsearch CRD as follows:
```

My fear is that some users may wrongly assume that if the issue is in `kubectl` then upgrading the client can fix the problem.

Author: Good point.
